Hey everyone.
Welcome back to Boost Your Income
with Bootstrap to WordPress, and
in this lecture we're gonna
code the full blog post.
[MUSIC]
All right.
The first thing I want you to
do is open your code editor and
create a new file called post.html.
And in post.html I want you to copy
everything you did in blog.html and
paste it in there.
Because we're using essentially the same
template, we don't have to do too much.
We just have to make some modifications.
Now let me just show you what
the final post that HTML looks like,
here it is right here.
It essentially looks like the blog
overview just a bit bigger, and
it includes a comments section with
some sample comments and a comment form.
All right, so back to our code editor.
You copied and pasted that.
Let's just make a few
modifications all ready here.
The title I just want to add blog post
in there, just for our own reference.
We're obviously going to be changing
that once we hook into WordPress.
All right.
Let's head down, all the way down to
this section right here
where it says blog content.
So we're gonna remove this section and
we're gonna take everything
out of blog content.
We're just gonna remove
everything right down to
the end of the main tag right there.
So all we're left is the header and then
the sidebar and everything after that.
So in here,
this is we will add a new HTML comment,
and change that to main content.
And we need to add a couple divs here so
we can make sure to close the divs all
the way down here, row and container.
So first we'll have [INAUDIBLE]
class of container and remove
the closing gift tag because it's already
closed at the bottom of this HTML page.
And then a row div tag
with a class of row.
And remove the ending div tag
because it's at the bottom already.
Okay, let's tab this back one, and
in here we need to add another div and
that would be div
with the id of content and
class callsmall8.
And we're going to want to close that
because then the next tag that will be
beside that, is the sidebar called small4.
Okay, and in here,
let's start adding some HTML.
We're going to have an article tag.
And we're going to give that
article tag the class of post.
And then in there,
we're going to have a header tag.
Within header, we'll have a level
one heading saying blog title here.
And then we'll also have a div
with a class of post details.
And basically let's just
copy what we already had
in our blog because we don't want
to re-invent the wheel here.
So header, we have post details,
just copy those.
And in fact you could
also copy post images.
So copy post image and
copy all the way up to post details.
So you're gonna be grabbing header here,
but
I'll show you how to paste that properly.
So right here, post-details,
and remove that,
paste that here, and that should be good.
There we go.
So you have your article,
you have your header, and then you
have the post-details within there,
the title and the post-image,
there you go.
After that we want to
add the post body and
within post body let's just add,
you can literally add whatever in here.
This is where we're going
to have the blog post, so
I'm going to add a few paragraph
tags with some in each of them.
I'm just going to copy that,
paste it a couple more times, And
then within there I'll just
put some other formatting.
And then I'll do another
level four heading here.
And then a paragraph tag.
Some lorem ipsem.
There we go, good enough.
Close this article here with a comment.
Post.
There we go.
So I think we should have the blog post.
Let's check it out.
All right, so we're pretty much there,
so we have our blog post here and
it goes all the way down, looks good,
we just need some padding and
we are missing an ID, and
that ID would be at the very top here.
After the class of row we need
id of primary 'cuz that gives us
the CSS to pop that down a bit.
Perfect and we're going to have to
do some CSS here to fix this up, so
let's head into our CSS file.
Let's head into our blog section.
And in here, this style right here,
post header, post excerpt,
we also need to add post and
post-body because now we
have a new div with a class of post- body,
because it is different from the excerpt.
So let's save that and
that should be everything.
Post body, there we go,
and it looks perfect.
All right, and that's the post detail,
that's the full blog post right here.
Hang on tight, in the next lecture we're
actually going to code and style our
comments section right here with some
sample comments and the comment form.
All right, see you there.
[MUSIC]